.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

Thank you for taking the time to work on a PR for Awesome-Selfhosted!

To ensure your PR is dealt with swiftly please check the following:

- [ ] Your submissions are formatted according to the following requirements (`Demo` and `Clients` are optional, don't add a duplicate `Source code` link if it is the same as the main link):

``- [Name](http://homepage/) - Short description, less than 250 characters. ([Demo](http://url.to/demo), [Source Code](http://url.of/source/code), [Clients](https://url.to/list/of/related/clients-or-apps)) `License` `Language` ``

- [ ] If your additions depend on proprietary services outside the user's control, they must be marked `⚠`.

``- [Name](http://homepage/) `⚠` - Short description, less than 250 characters. ([Demo](http://url.to/demo), [Source Code](http://url.of/source/code), [Clients](https://url.to/list/of/related/clients-or-apps)) `License` `Language` ``

- [ ] Additions that are not [Free software](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_software) must be added to `non-free.md` and marked `⊘ Proprietary`:

``- [Name](http://homepage/) `⊘ Proprietary` - Short description, less than 250 characters. ([Demo](http://url.to/demo), [Source Code](http://url.of/source/code), [Clients](https://url.to/list/of/related/clients-or-apps)) `Language` ``

- [ ] Your additions are ordered alphabetically.
- [ ] Your additions are not already listed at [awesome-sysadmin](https://github.com/n1trux/awesome-sysadmin) (IT infrastructure management), [awesome-analytics](https://github.com/onurakpolat/awesome-analytics) (analytics), [staticgen.com](https://www.staticgen.com/) or [staticsitegenerators.net](https://staticsitegenerators.net/) (static site generators).
- [ ] The `Language` tag is the main server-side requirement for the software - don't include frameworks/specifc dialects.
- [ ] Any licenses you have added are in our [list of licenses](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted/blob/master/README.md#list-of-licenses).
- [ ] You have searched the repository for any relevant [issues](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted/issues) or [PRs](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted/pulls), including closed ones.
- [ ] Any category you are creating has the minimum requirement of 3 items. If not, your addition may be inserted into `Misc/Other`.
- [ ] Any software project you are adding to the list is actively maintained.
- [ ] The pull request title is "Add aaa to bbb" for adding software aaa to section bbb. Do not call it "Update README.md".

Commit message:

Require sentence case for short description
Some improvements to the pull request template:
- require sentence case for short description, for consistency
- suggest submitting one item per pull request, to ease review
- improve template formatting, for pull request readability

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

Thank you for taking the time to work on a PR for Awesome-Selfhosted!

To ensure your PR is dealt with swiftly please check the following:

- [ ] Submit one item per pull request. This eases reviewing and speeds up inclusion.
- [ ] Format your submission as follows, where `Demo` and `Clients` are optional.
  Do not add a duplicate `Source code` link if it is the same as the main link.
  Keep the short description under 250 characters and use [sentence case](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Letter_case#Sentence_case)
  for it, even if the project's webpage or readme uses another capitalisation
  such as title case, all caps, small caps or all lowercase.
  `` - [Name](http://homepage/) - Short description, under 250 characters, sentence case. ([Demo](http://url.to/demo), [Source Code](http://url.of/source/code), [Clients](https://url.to/list/of/related/clients-or-apps)) `License` `Language` ``
- [ ] Additions that depend on proprietary services outside the user's control must be marked `⚠`.
  `` - [Name](http://homepage/) `⚠` - Short description, under 250 characters, sentence case. ([Demo](http://url.to/demo), [Source Code](http://url.of/source/code), [Clients](https://url.to/list/of/related/clients-or-apps)) `License` `Language` ``
- [ ] Additions that are not [Free software](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_software)
  must be added to `non-free.md` and marked `⊘ Proprietary`:
  `` - [Name](http://homepage/) `⊘ Proprietary` - Short description, under 250 characters, sentence case. ([Demo](http://url.to/demo), [Source Code](http://url.of/source/code), [Clients](https://url.to/list/of/related/clients-or-apps)) `Language` ``
- [ ] Additions are inserted preserving alphabetical order.
- [ ] Additions are not already listed at any of
  - [awesome-sysadmin](https://github.com/n1trux/awesome-sysadmin) (IT infrastructure management),
  - [awesome-analytics](https://github.com/onurakpolat/awesome-analytics) (analytics),
  - [staticgen.com](https://www.staticgen.com/)
  - [staticsitegenerators.net](https://staticsitegenerators.net/) (static site generators).
- [ ] The `Language` tag is the main server-side requirement for the software - don't include frameworks/specifc dialects.
- [ ] Any licenses you add are in our [list of licenses](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted/blob/master/README.md#list-of-licenses).
- [ ] You have searched the repository for any relevant [issues](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted/issues) or [PRs](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted/pulls), including closed ones.
- [ ] Any category you are creating has the minimum requirement of 3 items.
  If not, your addition may be inserted into `Misc/Other`.
- [ ] Any software project you are adding to the list is actively maintained.
- [ ] The pull request title is informative, unlike "Update README.md".
  Suggested titles: "Add aaa to bbb" for adding software aaa to section bbb,
  "Remove aaa from bbb" for removing, "Fix license for aaa", etc.
